Hello everyone, and welcome to my course,
Delivering Content on AWS with Amazon CloudFront.
My name is Andy Dyrcz, and I'm a principal architect for Linkfire.
I get to design systems that are helping people share new
music with people all around the world.
On a global level,
we have to scale-out to handle a lot of web traffic and it
would not be possible without the use of a CDN in front of
our systems to get it done.
CloudFront is Amazon's content distributed network service which speeds up
distribution of your static and dynamic web content such as HTML,
CSS, JavaScript, and image files to your users.
If you're interested in scaling your web content to a larger audience,
but don't want to take a hit on performance or cost,
I believe this course is for you.
This course will quickly get you up and running with CloudFront.
This includes covering why CloudFront is a powerful solution,
creating and optimizing CloudFront distributions,
traffic management, and security.
By the end of this course,
you will know how to distribute the web content faster with CloudFront.
Now before we begin this course, you need to have an AWS account,
you should be familiar with the AWS console or the command-line environments,
and you should have a basic understanding of how the internet works.
Having said that,
I hope you're as excited as I am as we begin this journey of
delivering content on AWS with Amazon CloudFront here, at Pluralsight.